DUE: Feb 1 by 11:55pm
POINTS: 5

find two Network+ certification training services
	describe benefits of these two Network+ certification programs
	include info about training services (as it pertains to curriculum)
		training format (CDs, Computer Based Training modules, and classroom)
		accreditation
		costs
		career assistance
	indicate preference for one of two certification services and give a reason
	cite sources

https://ccsf.instructure.com/courses/6090/assignments/35949

FULL ASSIGNMENT TEXT:

Assignment 1 has three parts: 
a) getting oriented to the class 
b) introducing yourself online and 
c) researching information about Network+.


A. Getting Oriented. Get acquainted with Insight. Check the online instructions

B. Introducing yourself online. Please go to the Week 1 Forum - Introductions. Submit a posting with some personal information about yourself which you care to share with your classmates and myself. I have posted my personal Introduction as an example and I have attached a picture aswell. I leave it to you as to the format and the content of your Introduction but make sure to include which operating system, which browser and which internet service you will be using for this course.

C. Researching information on CompTIA Network+. (5 pts).

This course prepares you for CompTIA Network+ certification. Using the Internet, learn more about this certification program. I recommend that you go to the CompTIA web site. To fulfill part C of this assignment you will have to find two Network+ certification training services. In a Word or html document, describe the benefits of these two Network+ certification program. Include information about the Network+ certification training services as it pertains to the curriculum, training format (CDs, Computer Based Training modules, and classroom), accreditation, costs, and career assistance. Indicate a preference for one out of the two certification services and give a reason for your preference. Be sure to cite your sources.

2. How to submit your report. You must be in the Assignment 1 environment to submit your report. You select the "Submit assignment" button and upload your paper.


If you have any questions about the assignment, try posting them into the class discussion board. Or you can also e-mail me using imail inside insight.Please use the bulletin board primarily for questions that you would ask in class so that everyone can benefit from them, and use imail primarily for questions about your specific situation, e.g. grades or having to miss a class.
